At the component level,
you must select the option add component.
A side panel of available Adapt components
appears on the right of the screen.
Select or type to search from
the list of available components.
For this exercise,
search for the graphic component.
Select the graphic component.
There are three buttons that will appear.
Add to left, add full,
add to right.
Select the button labeled add full.
A full width graphic component is added to the page.
You can now create the contentfor the component.
On the component card,
select the gearwheel button labeled
click to edit and choose edit from the options.
This opens the component settings menu.
In the field labeled title,
enter a new component title.
Written content is added
to the box labeled body.
Select the button labeled select an asset.
Adapt will navigate to the
asset management library where you
will choose the appropriate graphic.
For this exercise,
type the word cube in the search box.
A listing of all the cube
graphics currently available in
Adapt will be displayed.
Select the first displayed asset.
Select the button labeled autofill.
Adapt will save your graphic choice and take
you back to the component settings page.
Above the graphic you just added
is a box labeled alternative text.
Add a brief description of the image.
For example,
Rubik's Cube.
Select the green button labeled
save located at the top left
of the screen in the sidebar.
When you select the save button,
Adapt will automatically save your
component title and content and take
you back to the page structure menu.